# November 5th, 2023

I didn't start reading this week. I'm going to try and do it this week. Work's just been really stressful lately and my brain mostly wants to turn off after work. That's why I ended up watching a Mission: Impossible film basically every evening this week.

It feels like I didn't do a lot, but I did do a lot. I'm shamelessly ripping off how scrolling works in Celeste's menus. The simplicity of it works really well for what Cosmic Jam needs. This bit of work will free me up to finish the `Display` and `Controls` menus.

I finished Spider-Man 2 this week. That was a fun game! Not surprising coming from Insomniac. They seem to know how to intertwine a comic book story and a video game really well. I do wish there was more Miles, but I'm betting the next game will be Miles focused with Peter as a supporting character. I've also played quite a bit more Super Mario Bros. Wonder and it's really fun. I haven't played enough to have comprehensive thoughts, but it has a mystery and intrigue that 2D Mario hasn't had since Super Mario World.

So, my hopes for the week ahead is to continue work on menus AND background rendering for Cosmic Jam. I also want to arrange a few songs in a DAW for Comet Overdrive and try to record a few demos next weekend. I believe I have Friday off for some holiday, so that should help!

## Projects

### Macabre2D

* Added a setter for `RenderOutOfBounds` on `IRenderable`
* Added context menu option to enable or disable an entity and all of its descendants
* Added context menu option to reveal or hide an entity and all of its descendants
* Fixed some event subscription issues on `BaseSpriteEntity`

### Cosmic Jam

* Added a menu for accessibility options
* Added a layer of depth to the background
* Added a scroll to `VerticalMenuController`
* Removed mouse cursor
  * I'm deciding to not support mouse in menus, I'm sorry mouse lovers
* Removed crouch animation
  * It didn't look good and this will be indicated by a sound effect later

### Comet Overdrive

I revived an old song for a new purpose. Some of it isn't working quite yet, but I'm getting there. I want to lay down some demos next weekend.

## Media

### Games

* Super Mario Bros. Wonder
* Marvel's Spider-Man 2
* Diablo IV

### Music

* Black Wine
* The Dopamines
* 2nd Grade
* Phoebe Bridgers
* Red City Radio
* Dan Adriano & The Bygones

### Movies

* Mission: Impossible (1996)
* Mission: Impossible II (2000)
* Mission: Impossible III (2006)
* Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol (2011)

### TV Shows

* Babylon 5 (Season 1)
* Hell on Wheels (Season 1)
* Legacy: The True Story of the LA Lakers

### Podcasts

* Generation Loss
* Trillbilly Worker's Party
* The Jeff Gerstmann Show
* Remap Radio
* Stavvy's World