# November 12th, 2023

I don't have a lot to say today. I've been working a lot on Cosmic Jam and a lot on Comet Overdrive. Fortunately, the weather has finally cooled off to feel like Autumn, so I've been going on more walks around my neighborhood. That always helps with my mood.

This is the part where I tell myself I'm going to start reading again this week.

## Projects

### Macabre2D

* Added the ability to apply display settings at will
* Added the ability to toggle fullscreen with `alt + enter`
* Fixed an issue where `TextLine` did not call its base constructor
* Fixed an issue where viewport size was not updated when display settings were applied
* Fixed an issue where docking containers were not reacting to parent bounding areas changing

### Cosmic Jam

* Added a maximum value allowed for both score and combos
* Added separate inputs for `manual`, `wallride`, `pivot`, and `revert` so they can be bound separately from `grind`
* Added the `Display` submenu
* Added a fullscreen toggle to the `Display` submenu
  * Option appropriately reflects new value if `alt + enter` is used to toggle fullscreen
* Added parallax scrolling
* Fixed a bug where the cosmos would still render when `hide background` was turned on
* Fixed a misplaced pixel on the crooked grind animation
* Updated the combo font for readability
* Updated toggle buttons to be a selection spinner supporting more than just binary values

### Comet Overdrive

This week, I worked towards finalizing the tracks for my first EP/demo. Not sure if I'm going to label it a demo or not, but it's 6 tracks. I guess the decision will come down to whether or not I'm satisfied with the quality of the songs haha. I do want to release something this year, though. So if it's demos, its demos, and I'll keep working on the songs afterwards. I just want to put art out into the world.

## Media

### Games

* The Talos Principle 2
* Super Mario Bros. Wonder
* Diablo IV

### Music

* Silver Jews
* No Age
* The Reddmen
* Fifteen
* 2 Mello
* Paris Texas
* Downtown Boys
* The Menzingers
* Laura Jane Grace

### Movies

* V for Vendetta
* Cop Out
* Real Steel

### TV Shows

* Hell on Wheels
* Babylon 5
* Legacy: The True Story of the LA Lakers

### Podcasts

* Generation Loss
* Trillbilly Worker's Party
* The Jeff Gerstmann Show
* Remap Radio
* Stavvy's World
* Guys
* Beep Beep Lettuce
* Brad & Will Made a Tech Pod