# November 26th, 2023

I finished The Talos Principle 2 this week and I absolutely loved it. A game with a great story, really fun puzzles, and incredible politics. Its a game that makes you feel hopeful for humanity, because there is reason to be hopeful. We can be better, but we aren't currently moving in that direction. I hope we do.

Other than that, its been another rough week. Stay safe out there.

## Projects

### Macabre2D

* Added a new `BoxTileMap` that uses a `AutoTileSet` over a defined height and width
* Fixed hide all, reveal all, enable all, and disable all not using the undo service
* Updated the scene initializer to initialize loops before entities
* Began the work of adding a new sprite sheet member for game pad icon sets

### Cosmic Jam

* Added a background behind the "confirm" and "return" prompts in the pause menu
* Cleaned up fonts in the pause menu
* Utilized `ReservedInputs` so there are always buttons that can get a user to the pause screen
* Added the ability to show dialog boxes in the pause menu
* Added `Reset to Default` buttons in all the current settings menus
* Cleaned up menu adornments
* Added the ability to scroll through menus, volume bars, and selection spinners by holding a direction

### Comet Overdrive

N/A

## Media

### Games

* The Talos Principle 2
* Super Mario Bros. Wonder
* Half-Life

### Music

* Iron Chic
* Amyl and the Sniffers
* Viagra Boys
* my bloody valentine
* The Reddmen
* The Replacements
* Silver Jews
* The Arrivals
* Toys that Kill
* Origami Angel
* Purple Mountains

### Movies

* Half-Life 25th Anniversary Documentary
* Blue Beetle
* Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World

### TV Shows

* Hell on Wheels
* Our Flag Means Death
* Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
* Primo
* Colin From Accounts
* Scott Pilgrim Takes Off

### Podcasts

* Generation Loss
* Trillbilly Worker's Party
* The Jeff Gerstmann Show
* Beep Beep Lettuce