# December 3rd, 2023

I've been feeling sick the past week, so I haven't had the best time. My wife made vegan enchilladas that were very good. It's surprising how far vegan cheese substitutes have come even in the past decade.

For a while, I was running Ubuntu on my laptop, but I switched to Fedora. I like it quite a bit, but there is an issue preventing .NET 8 from showing up in their package manager. I can install it manually, but I haven't had the motivation to do it yet, so I haven't used Fedora for much development work.

My wife's going away on a trip this week, so I might end up being very productive if a new videogame doesn't grab me.

## Projects

### Macabre2D

I finished adding `GamePadIconSets` to sprite sheets this week, which will allow the simple rendering of gamepad buttons. A renderer that respects `InputDisplay` already exists.

I've also quickly added an extremely similar `KeyboardIconSets` that does the same thing, but for keyboards.

There aren't any big plans for the engine/editor this week, but I might do some cleanup so spritesheet members can share more code.

### Cosmic Jam

I honestly didn't work on Cosmic Jam much this week. I was feeling sick. I'm hopeful the progress I've made in Macabre2D will help out when creating an input binding setting screen.

### Comet Overdrive

I worked on layouts for two songs that might end up being b-sides.

## Media

### Games

* Super Mario Bros. Wonder
* Cyberpunk 2077

### Music

* Ismatic Guru
* Phoebe Bridgers
* Iceage
* Defiance, Ohio
* The Pogues
* Pavement
* Paris Texas
* Shame
* The Ergs!
* Amyl and the Sniffers
* Spanish Love Songs

### Movies

* Friends: The Reunion
* The Holdovers
* Please Stand By

### TV Shows

* Pantheon
* Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
* Hell on Wheels
* Colin From Accounts
* The Simpsons

### Podcasts

* Generation Loss
* Trillbilly Worker's Party
* The Jeff Gerstmann Show
* Guys