# December 10th, 2023

I'm finally feeling better in terms of whatever illness found me, but my back pain has been awful ever since I recovered. Not much to do, I've got an autoimmune disease. I'm trying to rest up as best as I can.

This month is going to be a fairly lonely one, but I'm trying to channel that loneliness into productiveness. Maybe with the right combination of caffeine and boredom, I can get some hyperfocus going on the input bindings screen for Cosmic Jam or maybe I can finally finish up the drum tracks for all the planned Comet Overdrive songs.

I started watching Grey's Anatomy for the first time this week, because it's one of my wife's favorite shows (if not her #1). Watching it helps me feel close to her. I should have watched it sooner, I'm a sucker for soap operas like this.

Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora is also worth a bit of a spotlight. It's not reviewing well, and there are definitely low points to the game, but the world designers deserve heaps of praise. The world is gorgeous AND fun to explore. There's a verticallity to it's movement that most first person games don't engage with. I'm having a hell of a time. I'll admit, I'm a sucker for the Avatar fans. I used to hate on the original, but I've reevaluated them over the past few years and I was wrong. They're awesome. They're also dumb, but that's okay. They don't have to be smart. They're big bombastic movies that rightfully call out how bad empire/colonialism is, while also showing you a bunch of cool stuff. I guess that's my way of saying, "Hey if you like those Avatar movies for what they are, you'll probably like this game." Just make sure you get past the awkward intro. I fell in love the second I saw outdoors.

## Projects

### Macabre2D

I did a some cleanup of spritesheet members and icon sets. Game pad and keyboard icon sets now display the selected button/key above the sprite selection area for clarity. When editing keyboard icon sets, you can now click a button and then press a key on a keyboard to automatically select the pressed key.

### Cosmic Jam

I did a tiny bit of work on icons for keybaord keys. This will hopefully help me get to a place where I can make a menu screen for input bindings.

### Comet Overdrive

I did a bit of drum tracking on "All the Magic in This World" and "Share Colors". I'm also experimenting with a second guitar track, but I'm unsure of its impact.

## Media

### Games

* Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora

### Music

* Hard Girls
* Tigers Jaw
* High Dive
* Alien Boy
* Camp Cope
* Dillinger Four
* Mayflower
* illuminati hotties
* Jimmy Montague
* The Blank Fight
* Jimmy Doyle
* Chinese Football
* Amyl and the Sniffers
* Snooze
* Against Me!

### Movies

* Dan in Real Life
* Hustle
* Nick Mullen: Year of the Dragon
* The Way Back

### TV Shows

* Grey's Anatomy
* Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
* Hell on Wheels
* Kitchen Nightmares

### Podcasts

* Generation Loss
* Trillbilly Worker's Party
* The Jeff Gerstmann Show
* Beep Beep Lettuce