# December 17th, 2023

What's there to say about this week? I was miserable, but productive. My inflammation has been really bad lately and I've been feeling it in my lower back, down my legs, and in my knees. When you combine that with the isolation of being immunocompromised, you get a very dreary me. I try to stay happy and distracted, but I can only keep that up for so many hours in a day.

I think I've had a particularly productive week with music compared to programming, because it's a bit easier to settle into the music-making-mindset while in a bad headspace. It's a lot harder to sit down and decide to do more of what I already do at my job (programming).

I'm hoping to have a happy couple of days this week before finally getting some time off of work. I need a break so badly and it feels like all my time off has been wasted this year on illness and other issues.

I might write a more extensive post for the end of the year. I do a lot of reflecting and looking forward at new years (a novel concept, I know), so maybe that'll show up as something here. Maybe not.

## Projects

### Macabre2D

I moved the engine to .NET 8. Other than that, I mostly did support work for what's going on in Cosmic Jam. Icon sets for game pads and keyboards can be stored at the project level instead of the entity level now (very convenient).

### Cosmic Jam

A couple of big things happened with Cosmic Jam this week:

* I ugpraded everything to .NET 8
* The "input" menu is fully laid out, it just needs to functionally allow the user to change bindings
* I completely cleaned up the layouts of all of the settings screens

I think over the next week or two, I should have the entire "input" menu finished. I was thinking about making a debug scene that simply listed all other scenes automatically. That might help with testing/prototyping as I start building out levels and how objectives work.

### Comet Overdrive

I made a lot of progress on the album this week. I think I'm really dialing in a sound. I'd probably call it "orgcore", but that's a pretty broad label of punk. It's an amalgamation of everything I obsessed over in high school and college. I've done more drum tracking and I think I've settled on a list of 8 songs. I'm going to spend some time practicing the songs with the drum tracks before recording, but guitar could start getting recorded over the next few weeks.

## Media

### Games

* Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora

### Music

* Bully
* Walter Etc.
* Cat Stevens
* Cage the Elephant
* Militarie Gun
* The Wild
* Fake Problems
* Paris Texas
* Going Steady
* Shook Ones
* Cheekface
* The Front Bottoms
* Martha
* oso oso

### Movies

* Hoosiers
* Scrapper
* Point Break
* Lethal Weapon

### TV Shows

* Grey's Anatomy
* Scott Pilgrim Takes Off
* Babylon 5

### Podcasts

* Generation Loss
* Trillbilly Worker's Party
* The Jeff Gerstmann Show
* Beep Beep Lettuce
* Guys
* Brad & Will Made a Tech Pod
* Remap Radio