# December 24th, 2023

Happy holidays! I might do a "year in review" sort of piece later in the week to collect my thoughts on the year.

However, this week I'm feeling rather burnt out. I'm not sure what to write. I've got some time off work, so I'm going to try to both relax and make some progress on projects. Oddly enough, making progress on projects seems to be the only thing that makes me feel less burnt out. Is that fullfillment? Am I being held hostage by my own hobbies? Tune in next week to find out.

## Projects

### Macabre2D

I struggled against an issue with the editor crashing on Linux, but I haven't been able to figure it out. There were some improvements to asset loading and input detection as well.

### Cosmic Jam

The biggest thing I did this week was create a new "debug" startup scene so I can list all available scenes in Cosmic Jam and load into any of them instantly. Everything else I did was mostly cleanup on menus and how they work.

### Comet Overdrive

I think I wrote one bassline for one measure of one song this week. The burnout has been bad.

## Media

### Games

* Avatar: Frontiers of Pandora
* Moonstone Island

### Music

* Plumtree
* washer
* The Lawrence Arms
* Walter Etc.
* Old 97's
* Yasunori Mitsuda
* Bully
* Bad Religion
* Home Grown
* Cheekface
* Chris Farren
* Osees

### Movies

* The Muppet Christmas Carol
* Home Alone

### TV Shows

* Grey's Anatomy
* Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
* Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown
* The Simpsons

### Podcasts

* Guys
* Generation Loss
* Trillbilly Worker's Party
* The Jeff Gerstmann Show
* Remap Radio