# October 15th, 2023

I mostly worked on enhancements for Macabre2D this week, but I also worked a bit on a short story and tweaked some songs. Not a lot going on. I'm still keeping myself safe from covid, because I'm at risk and also because it seems like we're all going to regret this longterm. Oh, right, I saw my rheumatologist this week. Nothing new there. Got my yearly lung x-ray and I'm all clear, so no tuberculosis. Apparently it's pretty dangerous with the medicine I'm taking.

As for the week ahead, I feel as though it'll be a rough work week, so I'm not sure how much I'll work on Macabre2D. I really need to bite the bullet and get a lot of the pause menu stuff working, but I'm sure I'll find something else to fiddle with so I can enjoy it. That's what I did this week, hah.

## Projects

### Macabre2D

* Add a way to re-initialize entities from their right-click menu in the editor
* Finished up the initial pass for basic "docking" functionality for UIs 
* Removed obsolete Layout code (docking is replacing this)
* Added a way to override the color of a sprite at a Camera level
* LayerOverride and ColorOverride use same base code
* Fixed color slider behavior
    * They weren't updating correctly
    * The slider's track had visual glitches due to a style override
    * Updating one slider updated all sliders currently visible
* Fixed text overflow on a flags enum combo box
* Added a way to change which layers are viewable in the editor

### Cosmic Jam

* Pause menu uses docking
* Fixed sprite misalignment during Varial Kickflip
* Fixed font overhangs for menu and score font
* Removed "leaning" animation frames
* Removed display names from Layers
* Added default control scheme for keyboard
* Added readme.md that includes default control scheme for all platforms
* Added rudimentary background rendering

### Comet Overdrive

This update might end up being the same most weeks, but I'm fiddling with 8-9 songs that I think fit together as an album. Working title is "Dream Machine", but that's definitely subject to change. I haven't really settled on a sound for this project, so it's been a struggle to make much progress. I have been thinking about using instrumentals of a few of these songs as the basis for the Cosmic Jam soundtrack. We'll see.

## Media

### Games

* Diablo IV
* Cyberpunk 2077

### Music

* The Menzingers. *Some Of It Was True*. 2023.
* Soft Cough. *Soft Cough*. 2016.
* P.O.S. *Never Better*. 2009.
* Snooze. *Snooze*. 2017.
* Delay. *Rushing Ceremony*. 2012.
* No Age. *People Helping People*. 2022.

### Movies

* Chaos on the Bridge (2014)
* Logan Lucky (2017)
* The Swan (2023)
* The Rat Catcher (2023)
* Event Horizon (1997)
* Dark City (1998)

### TV Shows

* Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (Season 4)
* The Simpsons (Season 3)
* The War on Cuba (Season 1)
* The Wheel of Time (Season 2)

### Podcasts

* Generation Loss
* Blowback (Season 3)
* Trillbilly Worker's Party
* Work Stoppage
* Stavvy's World