# Week of October 15th, 2023

My partner made some really good pumpkin muffins last night. I love pumpkin stuff. Autumn is the best season.

It's been a weird week and I don't think the next week is going to be much better. Covid's still dangerous for people like me and the longer things go on, the more it feels like no one really understands that.

I'm hoping that since I got sub menus implemented in Cosmic Jam, I can start cranking out options menus. I think I'll need accessibility, audio, control, and display menus. The easiest ones will probably be accessibility and audio and I think control is going to be the hardest. I'm not even sure these options save and load correctly yet. They've worked in test environments, but you never know once you start building it out.

I've been having more and more ideas for a short story / novella I want to write. I need to put pen to paper. I'm going to have a lot of alone time coming up, so maybe diving deep into that will help me cope.

## Projects

### Macabre2D

* Added a renderable entity which covers an entire boundable with a specified color
* Removed unused menu classes
* Fixed an odd bug where docking containers could throw things out of bounds
* Altered the Reactivated event on scenes
  * Now called Activated
  * Called when a scene is popped *and* when a scene is pushed

### Cosmic Jam

* When pausing, the original scene is dimmed
* When pausing, the scoreboard does not display behind the pause menu
* Menu items can be adorned by a sprite
  * Used when showing current selection
* Fonts are now white by default
  * Use colors defined in code to alter them
  * No need for multiple variations of the same font
* Began working on volume bar sprites for audio settings
* Menu items are now dockable wrappers instead of text lines
  * Text lines can be children
  * Menu items can have an assortment of renderables now
* Added a stack to allow for sub menus
* Menu items now handle their own input

### Comet Overdrive

Still messing around with tracks. Trying to find hte right sound.

## Media

### Games

* Marvel's Spider-Man 2
* Super Mario Bros Wonder
* Diablo IV

### Music

* Paris Texas. *MID AIR*. 2023.
* The Menzingers. *Some Of It Was True*. 2023.
* blink-182. *ONE MORE TIME...*. 2023.
* Purple Mountains. *Purple Mountains*. 2019.
* Bomb the Music Industry!. *Scrambles*. 2009.

### Movies

* Phone Booth (2002)
* Near Dark (1987)
* Hubie Halloween (2020)
* Color Out of Space (2019)
* Tales from Earthsea (2006)

### TV Shows

* Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (Season 5)
* The Simpsons (Season 3)
* Jujutsu Kaisen (Season 2)

### Podcasts

* Generation Loss
* Trillbilly Worker's Party
* The Jeff Gerstmann Show
* Pod Damn America