# October 29th, 2023

I don't have a lot to say that isn't described in the sections below. My partner's going to be out of the house for a bit, so I'm going to focus on my projects primarily. The big push for Macbare2D / Cosmic Jam is menus. I feel like I'm doing something wrong in how I'm defining menus, but I've worked with enough UI frameworks over the years that I'm pretty sure I know what I want. It might get a little messy overall, but Cosmic Jam is a simple game and I don't need complicated menus.

I want to start reading regularly again this week. When I get sucked into a book, it feels like I can't put it down, but the getting started part is hard. The next book is definitely *Tehanu* by Ursula K. Le Guin. I recently read the first three *Earthsea* books and absolutely loved them. She's a fanstastic writer that really knows how to focus in on a theme. I'm told I should read some of her science fiction and I fully intend to after I'm done with *Earthsea*.

I recently got myself a relatively cheap mechanical keyboard again for the first time in what feels like a decade. I don't know why I moved away. I think I was self-conciuous about it getting picked up by mics in work calls, but audio filtering seeems pretty good so far. I could get quieter switches, but it's pretty satisfying. Maybe it'll inspire me to work on the novella I've been mapping out. Writing out these weekly updates is at least getting my writing regularly. I helped my partner a few times recently with job related writings. I acted as sort of an editor. It felt good. I feel like I know how to write. I know what makes good writing. Please don't judge me by these, they're very stream of conciousness; however, I do know how to use a semicolon and that's pretty dang cool.

It finally got cold this weekend. Feels like autumn for the first time and I love it. The leaves are falling and it's gloomy out. This is my time of year! Crack out the Phoebe Bridger's records, we're in the sad times, woo!

## Projects

### Macabre2D

* Added `PredefinedColors` to `Project.Common`
  * Updated project view background color selector to use `PredefinedColors`
  * Added the ability to select colors from `PredefinedColors` for any `Color` member on entities
* Updated editor settings to store the window state between runs
* Fixed various issues with maximizing and minimizing the editor window
* Updated `AudioCategory`
  * Renamed `AudioCategory` to `VolumeCategory`
  * Moved `VolumeCategory` to `Project.Common`
  * Added new ways to get and change the volume for a specific `VolumeCategory`
* Fixed volume sliders not working
* Moved editor settings location to the `Project` folder instead of the `bin` folder

### Cosmic Jam

* Cleaned up pause menu items
* Added a menu for audio settings
  * Can adjust volume with volume bars by pressing or holding left or right
  * Three categories: Overall, Music, and Effects
  * Settings are saved when leaving the menu
* Added a placeholder player effect when preparing for a jump
* Added a fun `readme.md` image
* Added an accessibility option to hide the background layer


### Comet Overdrive

I really wish I went to school or took classes on audio engineering.

## Media

### Games

* Marvel's Spider-Man 2
* Diablo IV

### Music

* Paris Texas. *MID AIR*. 2023.
* Matt Skiba & Kevin Seconds. *Split*. 2002.
* The Menzingers. *Some Of It Was True*. 2023.
* Misfits. *Static Age*. 1997.
* Red Dons. *East / West Collection*. 2023.
* Slow Dive. *Everything is Alive*. 2023.

### Movies

* Babylon 5: The Gathering (1993)
* Mission: Impossible - Dead Recokoning Part One (2023)

### TV Shows

* Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (Season 5)
* Primo (Season 1)
* Babylon 5 (Season 1)
* Shoresy (Season 2)

### Podcasts

* Generation Loss
* Trillbilly Worker's Party
* The Jeff Gerstmann Show
* Brad & Will Made a Tech Pod